/*
    Ideas:

    Requires user input to select gate. With option to instead view gates if they don't know.
    Need to validate that input.
    Then, for that gate, need to decide inputs for the gate - e.g. pins.
    But if I print a picture of gate and say the pin labels to make it easy.
    Need to specify number of bits of input to get bits of rest of circuit - or go gate by gate
    If possible, display the current built circuit to make design easier - rather than gate by gate
    After a gate, choose to add more gates. Return to menu. Run test script. Test individual output.
    */

    /*
    Idea: make one function that can do all the possible gate functions,
    but the action it does depends on which gate is selected.

    Also: for every gate, store the labels in one big array and each label corresponds to a value in another big array
    (would be good to make an array of pointers - as done by char*) where each pointer is given a value.
    Then can assaign pointers to be equal to each other and perform operations on the pointers until an output is reached.
   
    OR: have an array of values and assign each pointer to a value.
    But if a pointer's value equals another pointer's name then it's assigned the same value and changes as the previous pointers do. Right?
    The question is how to check the pointer names.

    Probably easier to creat an array of character type labels which matches up exactly with an array of pointers of the same names or position.
    Where each pointe has a value which refers to a 1, 0 or another pointer's value
    (or combination of pointers' values as given by logic gate computations).


    ACTUALLY, the values are determined by test scripts.
    But the status of which labels are dictated by the test script and which are dictated by other pointers needs to be clear.
    If a label is NOT EWUAL TO a previous label, then its value should be made equal to,  say, -1
    to ensure that they are singled out for making the test scripts: because they are inputs.
    Also, if a label is at the end of the chain (no pointers use its value) then it should be marked as a output variable.
    */
   
    /*
   
    First, ask for which gate they'd like to add to circuit.
    Then print list of gates using print gates function.
    Then do select gates function.
    The pointer p now points to the gate they'd like to build.
    Use the data in the structs to do a for loop making/assigning labels for each of the NAMED inputs and outputs for the gate.
    Ask the user fo each label name (limit 10 characters)
    Store each label name in the global array of label names.
    Check through the array of names to see if the label names for any inputs or outputs are equal to those.
    If they are, make the value of the array (a pointer) equal to the value of the pointer of the thing its the same label as.
    If not, make the value equal to -1. This should separate inputs from internal pins.
    As for the output(s), need to update a metadata for each value array for the number of times that pointer has been referenced
    (just increment a value in a loop). The value which has not been referenced is therefore an output.

    NOTE: SHOULD keep duplicate pin labels for the sake of indexing the pointers.
   
    // chose not to, because when making circuit, pointers are made based off of value anyway.
    // But feedback loops might now be impossible. But they weren't ever really.

    NOTE: need to store the pointers for each label in same ndex as the label, for simplicity, even though different arrays.

    Now that the labels have been dealt with, and the pointers and values for inputs have been worked out, now for outputs.


111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111

    Need to have ALL possible gate operations in a single function,
    the gate operation is selected using enum cases based on the gate selected by the user.
    The operation is carried out using the pointers for the inputs. And the output value is assigned to a pointer,
    which is stored in the same index as the label for the output.

    After doing this gate. Perhaps update the diagram?
    Or print a new diagram with the new gate shown next to the other gates if not linked up directly.

    Finally, ask the user if they'd like to add another gate to the circuit.
    If not, then run the make test script function IN THE BACKGROUND and notify the user that it's been made.
    Then return to main menu.

111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111


    -----------------
    Could alternatively add a new menu option for destroying the circuit, so that user could come back and add to it.

    Can't edit it though, can't delete or undo.
    -----------------

    */